v3.2.1 (#1634)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/20.appendix/release-notes/nebula-comm-release-note.md

# NebulaGraph {{ nebula.release }} release notes

## Bug fix

> - Fix the crash caused by LOOKUP statement with AND and IN expression.[#4551](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula/issues/4551)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the crash caused by LOOKUP statements with AND and IN operators.[#4551](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula/issues/4551)
```

> - Fix the crash caused by invalid filter in GetProp. [#4568](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula/pull/4568)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the crash caused by an invalid filter in GetProp. [#4568](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula/pull/4568)
```

> - Fix the crash caused by evaluating an expression with wrong a syntax. [#4607](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula/pull/4607)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the crash caused by handling a wrong syntax expression. [#4607](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula/pull/4607)
```

> - Fix concurrent exception related to multi-match statement. [#4605](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula/pull/4605)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix concurrent exceptions related to the multi-match statements. [#4605](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula/pull/4605)
```

> - Fix the bug that scan vertex or edge don't filter the expired data out.[#4578](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula/pull/4578)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the bug that expired data could not be filtered out when scanning vertices or edges.[#4578](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula/pull/4578)
```

> - Fix the bug that properties function returns UNKNOWN_PROP. [#4604](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula/pull/4604)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the bug that the `properties` function returns UNKNOWN_PROP. [#4604](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula/pull/4604)
```
